baseball's all I know I mean I don't
really know a whole lot about anything
but I feel like I know a few things
about baseball as a pitcher if there's a
guy that does not like to be knocked
down I'll knock him down just doing
stuff will not paying attention focus
fear too fidgety I can't just stand in
one spot handle you're a DD sir I've
tried the doctors won't prescribe me I
like how this is nice and lined up and
shaped looking right at it that's right
I believe in God and the only thing that
scares me is Keyser söze you fellas I
want to give the audience a little
perspective into your world as major
league pitchers wouldn't when the
manager or the pitching coach comes out
onto the mound what types of
conversations do you have with the dude
wait changed your name to McLovin
McLovin what kind of a stupid name is
that Fogle what are you trying to be an
Irish R&B singer not a whole lot most of
it just saying that they're out there to
give me a breather cuz uh third usually
out there that means I'm backing up a
lot of bases are throwing a lot of balls
it's usually just a quick hey let's get
back on track and in your mind you're
like I'll just head back to the dugout
what do you think I like avoiding my
wife and kids to hang out with 19 year
old girls all day she's never liked it
would you negotiate with the manager if
he wants to take you out like if you
stand your ground like a man doesn't
leave me alone right now I'm in - I'm
getting into my zone I love lamb do you
really love the lamp or you're just
saying it because you saw it I love lamp
like that you can I don't know how it
will fly you know you can also offer him
you know maybe you know a couple hundred
dollars or something to let you finish
the game so I think I take a little step
further and I'll offer probably a
thousand dollars you know you know
sometimes okay the manager comes out and
then you just the other dudes just like
and it's the other dudes like indicator
3rd baseman shortstop second baseman
first baseman and then and then catches
you like right here down Samsung but
what are the other other dudes saying
you guys might not know this but I
consider myself a bit of a loner I tend
to think of myself as a one-man Wolf
Pack but when my sister brought Doug
home I knew he was one of my own so were
there two of it there were two of us in
the wolf pack and six months ago
when Doug introduced me to you guys I
thought wait a second could it be and
now I know for sure I just added two
more guys to my wolf pack they're being
annoying that's what they are they
shouldn't be on our mound they could be
at their position getting ready to play
and coming on our mound it's a little
frustrating pisses me off but Aaron Hill
doesn't need to be on my man that's my
mom he needs to go over a second base
just yeah making sure he's not making
errors try to jack up the box score
that's right because those are our runs
he's gonna go a little Dallas Braden on
your ass right now no one ever says like
oh dude eighth of the Miami Dolphin
cheerleaders are here like you can we
got a plan on the road it could be like
some City the anthems already ever comes
by people oh you okay you might occasion
you get a little funny stuff here and
there sometimes you think you have true
love and then you catch the early flight
home from San Diego and a couple of new
people jump out of your bathroom
blindfolded like a goddamn magic show
ready to double-team your girlfriend I
remember when we were in New Yorker this
year and I know our catcher went out and
Ricki was pitching through a CG but he's
like holy crap there's Miss USA sitting
in the stands in real life the realize
really there yeah she was there to watch
Ricky it was unbelievable
dude that sounds amazing to me or is
that just a regular day that's just my
life that's just my life Ricky Romero
what can I say
well I could say that's an awesome
that's what I can say it's pretty
awesome yeah sorry about it